[Music]
Lord Voldemort has tightening his grip
on both the Wizarding and muggle worlds
kidnapping Ollivander from Diagon Alley
and destroying the Millennium Bridge
after the Malfoy family is disgraced
when Lucius is apprehended and sent to
Azkaban for his involvement with the
Death Eaters Baltimore chooses Draco to
carry out a secret mission at Hogwarts
Bellatrix Lestrange and Narcissa Malfoy
Draco's mother seek help from Severus
Snape who claims to have been acting as
a mole within the order of the Phoenix
all along Snape makes an unbreakable vow
with Narcisa to protect Draco and fulfil
the assignment if he fails
sixteen-year-old Harry Potter and Albus
Dumbledore visit former potions
professor Horace Slughorn
Professor Slughorn has been in hiding
but agrees to return to teach at
Hogwarts
Dumbledore then takes Harry to the
Burrow where Harry reunites with his
best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione
Granger when the three go visit Fred and
George Weasley's new joke shop at Diagon
Alley they see Draco entering Knockturn
alley with a group of Death Eaters
including Fenrir Greyback Harry believes
Voldemort has made Draco a Death Eater
but Ron and Hermione are skeptical on
the Hogwarts Express
Harry hides in the Slytherin carrot
using his invisibility cloak Harry is
spotted by Malfoy who petrifies him and
breaks his nose Harry is found and saved
by Luna Lovegood at Hogwarts Harry and
Ron borrow textbooks for Slughorn's
potions class and Harry is stuck with a
copy that turns out to be filled with
helpful notes and spells left by the
half-blood Prince Harry uses the book to
excel in the class and impress his
Slughorn winning a vial of liquid luck
Ron becomes keeper of the Gryffindor
Quidditch team and forms a romantic
relationship with lavender brown
upsetting Hermione Harry consoles
Hermione and admits that he now has
feelings for Ron's younger sister Ginny
Weasley Harry spends the Christmas
holidays with the Weasleys on Christmas
Eve Harry discusses his suspicions about
Draco to the order of the Phoenix Harry
suspicions are dismissed by the order
but later on Arthur Weasley tells Harry
privately that the Malfoy's may have
been interested in a vanishing cabinet
Bellatrix and gray back attacked the
Burrow and burn it down drawing Harry
into a battle trying to save Ginny
before the order arrive and fight them
off at Hogwarts Dumbledore reveals to
Harry that Slughorn possesses a memory
of Baltimore that Dumbledore needs
desperately Slughorn gave Dumbledore the
memory but it was an altered version
that made it appear the Slughorn didn't
know anything Dumbledore shows Harry the
altered memory and
asks him to confront Slughorn and
retrieve the real one but when Harry
brings it up Slughorn gets angry and
refuses to talk anymore about it after
Ron accidentally ingests a love potion
Harry brings him to Slughorn for a cure
and to smooth over their argument from
earlier after curing Ron the trio
celebrate with me that the Slughorn had
intended to gift Dumbledore the meed
poisons Ron and Harry is forced to save
his life after Slughorn hesitates Ron
murmurs Hermione's name while recovering
in the infirmary causing lavender to end
their relationship
Harry confronts Draco about the poison
Mead and a cursed necklace and the to
duel Harry uses a curse from the
half-blood Prince's potion book to
severely injure Malfoy who is rescued
and healed by Professor Snape fearing
the potion book may be filled with more
dark magic Ginny and Harry hide it in
the Room of Requirement and shared their
first kiss
Harry decides to use his liquid luck
potion to convince Slughorn to give up
the memory Dumbledore needs harry views
the memory with Dumbledore and learns
that fall-apart wanted information for
creating Horcruxes magical objects that
could contain pieces of a wizard's soul
and save them from death Dumbledore
concludes that falta more successfully
created seven Horcruxes two of which
have already been destroyed Tom Riddle's
diary and Marvolo God's ring Harry and
Dumbledore traveled to a seaside cave
where Harry aids Dumbledore in drinking
a potion that hides another Horcrux
slytherins locket a weakened Dumbledore
defends them from inferi and a parades
back to Hogwarts
Bellatrix Grayback and more Death Eaters
enter Hogwarts with Draco's help through
the vanishing cabinet in the Room of
Requirement that draco managed to
connect to the one he had been working
on in Knockturn alley
Dumbledore instructs Harry to hide and
not to interfere no matter what happens
draco arrives in the Astronomy tower and
disarmed Dumbledore revealing that he
has been chosen by Baltimore to kill the
headmaster when Drake was unable to
bring himself to do it
Snape casts the killing curse instead
killing Dumbledore who falls from the
tower
Harry confronts an attack Snape but
Snape overpowers him and reveals himself
as the half-blood Prince before escaping
Harry returns to Hogwarts where the
students staff and a few guests mourn
Dumbledore's death
Harry later reveals to Ron and Hermione
that the locket Horcrux was a fake the
locket contains a message from Rab
stating that he has stolen the real
Horcrux with the intent of destroying it
rather than returning for their final
year at Hogwarts the three decide to
hold out and track down the remaining
Horcruxes
[Music]
you